c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.dll.config
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.dll
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.pdb
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.exe
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\obj\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\obj\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.dll
c:\users\mosesshilenge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\WorklowSolutionTests\obj\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.pdb
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.dll.config
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.dll
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.pdb
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.exe
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\obj\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\obj\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.dll
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\obj\Debug\WorklowSolutionTests.pdb
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\BusinessObject.exe
C:\Users\MosesShilenge\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkflowNTier\Workflow\WorklowSolutionTests\bin\Debug\BusinessObject.pdb
